I promise. Okay.
I didn't expect the north to be so careless
That being the case
Once Sucheng is forced
My south will be dominated by the north
All follow the instructions of the northern uprising
Then say it all
A whip
Goodbye
Ma Liang, why did you promise him without authorization?
Let me send my brother to his death
I don't agree with that.
Oops, what's your hurry?
Promise me, not you
You mean you are going by yourself?
Why not?
No. It's too dangerous
Oh, silly boy!
This kind of thing is only suitable for me to do?
You forgot that I am an immortal
What kind of fairy are you?
I know your mana hasn't been restored yet
The chick has sealed your magic pen again
You only have a little bit of strength now
It doesn't matter, the mountain people have their own tricks
How about you?
Just be down to earth and be your commander-in-chief of the United Army
Ma Liang
If this bookstore can't be beaten down
We'll change it.
But what if something happens to you?
What about your brother?
What should I do?
Hey, don't talk nonsense and mistake people's innocence.
I don't care.
I just like you.
Just rely on you
I won't let you go.